announced the novelty that he left raised
doing when the last one closed
segment of the program to eddie hernández
to mexico how good is that?
informed although you are going to extend it to the former
and montcada true
álex and montcada we are going to try that
Contact my dear mario with álex and
montcada to let us know
this truth Hernandez Hernandez
mentioned to the roadrunner of mexico a
equipment that is currently in the
promotion in the football promotion league
Aztec
I hope you've had a lot of history with
the Hondurans sometimes several was
drawing a list of the players that
they have gone through roadrunners because
travel ways the balance is broad
list of players who have gone through
this institution orange because the color
of the roadrunner uniform is that
orange as well as holland one
of the most outstanding raúl sambulá raúl
martínez sambulá this figure so it has
been raúl martínez sambulá figure that what
they hired as a technician also the
Correcaminos had him as a coach
raúl martínez sambulá is an idol that has
stayed in the best story of that
team if we repeat if just
tune the radio eddie hernandez
important figure in life with 14
goals scored in the last tournament
opening goes for him
forgot since for the roadrunner
although your motagua tokens date is from
motagua and attention that has contract
in force with motagua for two and a half years
more or have a long contract with the
motagua and is the motagua the owner of his
federal rights let's say in others
players who have been around
roadrunner carlos pavón of the various
equipment that was in Mexico was
also by corredaminos alex pineda
chacón
richarson smith jose garcia samir arzú
which is one of the last to migrate its
who was at the time with
coincided with sambulá as a technician
also and arnold javier tour or social
bbc the number of Hondurans who have
gone through the roadrunner that is
trying to return to the first division
of Aztec soccer and eddie hernandez I think
that what he got from the games
Central American and the Caribbean to be the
top scorer of that competition
He also helped them to reach
this team we already have july caesar
our mate álex and montcada who is
the one who has received the information the one
he has transmitted it to us very well perfect
I imagine eddie hernandez
joy and the enthusiasm that you have if
I was talking about the ms but I think the
second division of mexico is also a
very good market goes to a scorer
Honduran
alexis good afternoon welcome
pm
here we are in the limit the teacher
of the motagua team is confirmed in the
team
juan carlos gutiérrez the player
has been transferred to correctly
and it is confirmed with zelaya the transfer of
this player 11 years
the good road runners team from mexico
good afternoon we're going to give you all the
credibility and the president of the motagua
July Gutierrez and he has confirmed not what
we can doubt is a reality
I hope that the great
opportunity that this player has for
demonstrate to the international field of this
good time that is happening from a
young player has all the qualities
and conditions to be able
figure as it was in those times
in mexico carlos pavón flores juan
flowers this kind of values ​​were and
they were to stay and put in trans
in great names of Honduras as
players because they are already figures
until they remember it I hear
I look at sports programs
Mexicans
and many times of relationships and carlos
peacock how flowered flowers and those
to say that also in this in this new
hiring that is doing by part
of a Mexican team as a corrective
who also assured to Istanbul game
another one of the greats who got there to this
team was captain of that team sambulá
that 's an honor for him and for football
outside
then we hope for the best of fernandez
the other phases of stalls like
option to purchase in fact don julio juan
carlos especially so that the
become six years which I know well
I should be thinking in nine months and
I think that's what the Hernani thinks because
he was not the presence of the player who
presented at the beginning of the preseason
and also looking for Mallorcan
I think it's not there I have not seen it because
is in a commitment in san pedro sula el
first joke you are even now
of immigration pulling
bring a passport I just talked about the
Mallorcan has a dry weekend
and he was informed that he was coming
tomorrow the workouts well thanks
Don in Celaya the sports manager of the
motagua team confirmed with the board
address to don julio
and my listeners of the telesystem n-ii
of lasart the transfer of the player
explains to Mexican soccer before
correcaminos de mexico team
first of all in tune thanks to
choose exactly on January 9
begins the activity in the league of
rise in this in this tournament closing
let's say because like that of the
first division has its tournament
opening and its closing tournament we are already
talking about this Friday this Friday
in front of the miner is the first match of
roadrunner so you'll have to
adapt as quickly as possible
hernandez so that it is done
goals and that can also be a jump
for a first division team in
case that goes well a long time ago
we have a Honduran standing out in
Aztec I think ramón Núñez was the
last one that remained because costly alone
was in a short tournament welcome was
only in a short tournament
instead Ramón Núñez and verve with the
people there in progress in formation and in
true there he had one of regular tournament
now this roadrunner team to where
Goes from dir nández directs Álex Aguinaga
the former Ecuadorian crack who also had
a passage by correcaminos very remembered
also very respected necaxa salt
aguinaga in mexico if necaxa is a
formidable campaign and good they will debut
this weekend miners of that catec
Ace is the rival of Road Runner Team
which will be pending